Privacy Policy
This policy is effective from the 19th of March, 2019 but may change at anytime. Please check this page to ensure that you are happy with the current version of the policy.

1. Introduction
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Apps.

If you choose to use my Apps, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the Apps. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.

2. Information Collection and Use
My Apps does not collect, store, use or transfer to third parties personal data, however, to improving the Apps, I use third-party services, such as Google Play Services, AdMob, Unity Analytics, Unity IAP, which may collect and process personal data. Any use of personal data by these services is governed by their privacy policy.

More information: Google Play Services, AdMob, Unity.

3. Cookies
Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

My Apps does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the Apps may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services.

4. Advertising
Some of my Apps personalizes your advertising experience using AdMob.

AdMob and its partners may collect and process personal data such as device identifiers, location data, and other demographic and interest data to provide advertising experience tailored to you. For more information, see paragraph 2.

5. Links
My Apps may contain links to other sites. Remember that I am not responsible for the privacy policies of such sites. I encourage users to know when they leave my apps and read the privacy statements of each website that collects personal information. This privacy statement applies solely to information collected by my applications.

6. Email
I can get your email address in case you decide to send me a letter with a review or suggestion. I will never share it to third parties.

7. Contact
For all questions please contact: liahim085@gmail.com
